Add 5 missing tools to Datadog MCP Server Software Delivery docs (Bits AI) (#36821)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/bits_ai/mcp_server/tools.md

- Show me the code coverage for commit `abc123abc123abc123abc123abc123abc123abcd` in `github.com/my-org/my-repo`.
- What's the patch coverage for the latest commit on my branch?

### `get_datadog_test_optimization_settings`
*Toolset: **software-delivery***\
*Permissions Required: `Test Optimization Read`*\

> Retrieves which Test Optimization features are enabled for a service, including Test Impact Analysis (ITR), Early Flake Detection (EFD), Auto Test Retries (ATR), Failed Test Replay, Code Coverage collection, and PR Comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves the Test Optimization features that are enabled for a service, including Test Impact Analysis (ITR), Early Flake Detection (EFD), Auto Test Retries (ATR), Failed Test Replay, Code Coverage collection, and PR Comments.
```
